you wake up in a room with no windows or
doors
the ceiling is extremely high and the
only way out is a closed hatch at the
very top
suddenly the room starts filling with
water you've checked everywhere
there's no way to turn it off you know
that help is on the way but they won't
be here for at least
five minutes you're pretty sure the
entire room will be flooded in two
you definitely can't hold your breath
for that long you look around and find
three objects a straw some rope and a
bucket
only one of them can actually save you
in this situation which one should you
choose
and how's it going to help
you should take the bucket flip it over
and put your head inside when the water
gets to head height
you'll have your very own small air
pocket to help you breathe
until help arrives uh oh you're in a
building that just caught on fire
you need to escape but the fire just
keeps spreading and spreading
you're feeling dizzy and the smoke is
making it hard to see
and the heat it's insane suddenly you
see three paths that lead outside
but it's not going to be so simple
there's no fire near the first exit
but it's on the opposite side of the
burning room the second exit is right in
front of you but the upper part is
completely covered in flames
the final exit is through the kitchen
there's shattered glass everywhere
but the flames are barely touching it
and the door is wide open
which exit should you take
even though the first exit isn't on fire
an indoor blaze is totally unpredictable
flames can pop up out of nowhere going
through a kitchen is never a good idea
in a fire there might be exposed gas
lines in there
your best bet is to go for the closest
path and crawl your way to safety
well you're stranded in the middle of a
desert and are in desperate need of
water
you crawl along trying to find any
source to hydrate yourself
as nighttime rolls around the wind gets
stronger and it starts to get cold
you sit down next to a tree how are you
going to find water in the middle of a
desert
grab two of the largest tree branches
you can find and then
rip your outer shirt and stretch it out
over them kind of like a sail
shove the two branches into the sand to
anchor them the water in the atmosphere
will get caught on the cloth
and drip down for you to collect well
you're tied up on some railroad tracks
and can't wiggle free there's a train
heading your way and it doesn't look
like it's stopping
oh well if you stretch your arms out you
can just reach a lighter
a small pocket razor and a can of oil
which can you use to escape
pour the oil on the ropes holding you
down it'll act as a lubricant and you'll
be able to wriggle free
taylor finished another awesome ice
fishing session
he packed up his gear and walked back
home with his dinner halfway back to the
car
he realized he was being followed by a
hungry kroger
it started chasing it taylor was so
close to his car but the cougar was
gaining on him
what should he do
he should fling the fish to the side to
distract the cougar
then he should ditch all his gear it's
just slowing him down
that way he's got a chance of making it
to the car before he turns into cougar
chow
well you find yourself in a pitch-black
room the room is huge and there are many
hallways and corridors
leading to unknown places you need to
find your way out before the room starts
heating up like an oven
you only have two minutes you can feel
some pipes on the wall but nothing else
how can you save yourself when the pipes
start heating up
they'll probably turn red it'll already
be super hot by then
but you'll have just enough time to
figure out the layout of the room
and find a way to escape angela decided
to go for a nice walk in the forest
about an hour in she tripped and spilt
all her water
no problem right in front of her was a
tiny lake
and close by a small stream and a cactus
which one should you use to get herself
a refreshing drink of water
she should head for the stream that lake
isn't moving
that means it probably has bacteria
living in it and a single cactus
won't have enough water to quench your
thirst even though the stream is pretty
small
moving water is almost always the safest
option
what are those things ah paw prints
those are bear tracks heading to the
forest a wolf print coming out of the
forest
and some elk prince heading toward a
lake well what's the best place to go
if you're not into the whole being eaten
thing think fast
the bear going into the forest probably
scared that large dog off
oh you thought those were wolf prince
not likely
wolves mostly travel in packs the bear
is most likely chasing the elk so
they'll both end up at the lake
that means the forest's safe for now
you're stuck in a well in a small
village
and the water's already up to your knees
there's a rope leading to the mouth of
the well
but it's definitely not strong enough to
hold you you look around and find a
bucket
some clothing and a lighter how do you
escape
shove the clothes in the bucket tie the
bucket to the rope and light the clothes
on fire
then quickly hoist the bucket up chances
are in such a small village
someone will see the smoke and run over
to help you
kate finished her morning hike and
decided it was time to go home
she saw a vintage jeep parked by the
hiking path
while she was admiring it a huge grizzly
appeared in front of her
the bear didn't seem that interested in
her for now
but that could change any second there
was a large screwdriver on the floor by
the jeep
what can she do to make sure the bear
won't be interested in her
she can puncture the gas tank with a
screwdriver and douse herself in
gasoline
that way the bear wouldn't be so
interested in her scent
eric was out camping and he needed some
light to see in the dark
he reached into his tent but his
flashlight wasn't working for some
reason
and his phone only had 10 battery he
looked around and saw
a bottle of water an empty sandwich bag
his hiking boots and a pillow
what can he do to make more light
[Music]
he can take his phone and put it right
next to the water bottle
the water inside the bottle will diffuse
the light making it much brighter
adrian and jack went rock climbing all
day then realized it was time to head
home
after a long walk through the woods
trying to get to their car they realized
they were totally lost
they'd never been in these woods before
they didn't have a clue what to do
what's worse jack collapsed from
exhaustion and couldn't take another
step
adrian tried to lift him up but jack was
too heavy
night was approaching he tried to call
for help but neither phone had any
signal
his only choice was to venture out and
seek help
he checked both gear bags and found a
small pick hammer some ropes
some sturdy locks and a harness what
should he do
adrian should put on the harness and tie
all the ropes together to make one huge
long one
then he should tie one end to jack and
one end to his harness
that way if he got lost in the woods
he'd be able to find his way back to
jack
that's one long rope nora's family was
out for the day
and she was gonna surprise them all with
a triple chocolate raspberry cake
right after plugging in her mixer she
heard a small pop a
fizz then the electricity shorted out
and her precious mixer broke out in
flames
her phone was in the other room quick
help her she's got to stop the flames
from getting worse
while she sprints over to get her phone
and call for help what should you do
she could take some flour and dump it
all over the mixer it'll tame the fire
and buy her enough time to call for help
roy went out for a small walk in the
forest right behind his house
he was having a great time chucking
stones at trees and
thump he launched the stone right into a
beehive
a swarm of bees flew out and started
chasing him his house was pretty far
away by this point
and there were tons of bushes and shrubs
in his way there was a huge open field
in front of him with a deep lake in the
middle
where should he go to escape the angry
bees
jumping into the water to escape from a
swarm of bees doesn't work
they'll just wait right above you and
sting you when you resurface to breathe
the trick is to run as far
away as you can head for the house and
shut the door roy